[coq] Add dependency to META file for Coq plugins (#6167)
ocaml/dune: CHANGES.md

- update vendored copy of cmdliner to 1.1.1. This improves the built-in
  documentation for command groups such as `dune ocaml`. (#6038, @emillon)

> - `(coq.theory ...)` will now depend on the `META` files for declared
>   `(plugin ...)`, so `coqdep` can see them. This enables to use the
>   new `findlib`-based loading method implemented in 8.16 (as of 8.16.0
>   tho Coq itself has some bugs preventing this to work)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `(coq.theory ...)` will now depend on the `META` files for declared
  `(plugin ...)`, so `coqdep` can see them. This enables to use the
  new `findlib`-based loading method implemented in 8.16.
  (Currently Coq 8.16.0 has some bugs preventing this from working).
```
and also PR num + name

Author: Reworded the whole thing, added the issue and PR number thanks!

- The test suite for Coq now requires Coq >= 8.16 due to changes in the
  plugin loading mechanism upstream (which now uses findlib).

- Starting with Coq build language 0.6, theories can be built without importing
  Coq's standard library by including `(stdlib no)`.
  (#6165 #6164, fixes #6163, @ejgallego @Alizter @LasseBlaauwbroek)

- on macOS, sign executables produced by artifact substitution (#6137, fixes
  #5650, @emillon)

- The `(coq.theory ...)` stanza will now ensure that for each declared

>  `(plugin ...)`, the `META` file for is built before calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `(plugin ...)`, the `META` file for it is built before calling
```

- The test suite for Coq now requires Coq >= 8.16 due to changes in the

>   plugin loading mechanism upstream (which now uses findlib).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  plugin loading mechanism upstream (which now uses Findlib).
```

Since Findlib is the name of the library manager, it should be capitalised. If the official way to write it (it's proper name) is findlib, please let me know, and I'll change it in my style guide.

I see it's written later as `findlib` as well. Is there a difference between the two, like one is the proper name of the library manager and `findlib` is a file or command. It appears " `findlib`-based loading method " is talking about the library manager itself, so would it be Findlib?

Reviewer: I think the correct one is actually `Findlib` since it is the name of a library. The issue is that you almost never write it like this unless describing it in documentation since OCaml libraries typically are denoted with lowercase.

Reviewer 2: Great! I'll update it in the style guide! Thank you!

Author: I think whatever we choose is right, however that's a tricky one, as the OPAM package name is `findlib` but the ML name is `Findlib` :)

  #5650, @emillon)

- Added an (aliases ...) field to the (rules ...) stanza which allows the
  specification of multiple aliases per rule (#6194, @Alizter)

- The `(coq.theory ...)` stanza will now ensure that for each declared
 `(plugin ...)`, the `META` file for it is built before calling

>  `coqdep`. This enables to use the new `findlib`-based loading method

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 `coqdep`. This enables the use of the new `findlib`-based loading method
```

Should this be Findlib-based?

>  in Coq 8.16, however as of Coq 8.16.0, Coq itself has some bugs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 in Coq 8.16; however as of Coq 8.16.0, Coq itself has some bugs
```
